Welcome to the terms and conditions
for Insta Like, an extension designed
to give a like to every single message
in a chat. Please read these terms and
conditions carefully before using the
extension. By using Insta Like, you
agree to be bound by these terms and
conditions.

Entertainment Use Only: Insta Like is
designed for entertainment purposes
only. It is intended to be used as a
fun way of showing your appreciation
to the texts people send on Instagram,
but not as a means of spamming.

No Affiliation with Instagram: Insta
Like is not affiliated with Instagram
or any other organization.

No Purchases: Insta Like does not
offer any purchases or additional
services. All features are available
for free.

Privacy Policy: Insta Like collects no
data at all.

No Liability: We are not responsible
for any consequences that may arise
from the use of Insta Like.

Prohibited Conduct: You may not use
Insta Like to cheat or engage in any
other illegal or unethical conduct. We
reserve the right to terminate your
use of the extension if we suspect
that you are engaging in any
prohibited conduct.

Modification and Termination: We
reserve the right to modify or
terminate Insta Like at any time
without notice.

Governing Law: These terms and
conditions shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws
of the country in which you reside.

By using Insta Like, you agree to be
bound by these terms and conditions.
If you do not agree with any of these
terms and conditions, please do not
use the extension.
